hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're gonna be talking
about a science fiction film called the
day the earth stood still
be ready for some spoilers ahead in a
snowy mountain a climber gets out of his
tent and notices something very strange
from afar
he walks towards what appears to be a
glowing sphere and makes contact with
the surface
a bright light shines towards him and he
becomes unconscious
when he wakes up he notices a scar on
his hand where his dna is taken
but the glowing object has disappeared
helen is an astrobiologist and a
professor teaching her students about
bacterias
when the class finishes her lab
assistants tries seducing her with his
hormones
but unfortunately he's knocking any
wreaths and she puts him in the friend
zone
helen goes back to her home where her
eight-year-old stepson jacob lives
it is hinted that helen's husband is no
longer with them
as jacob treasures his personal items
while making dinner she receives a phone
call where the government
requires her assistance immediately she
opens the front door and sees government
agents surrounding her house
with no choice she leaves her son with
the neighbor and gets in the car
she demands to know what's going on but
the agent can't tell her as he doesn't
know either
she arrives in the military airfield and
enters the helicopter where a collection
of scientists from different fields all
gather in the same group
they get to a makeshift military base
and she's greeted by maiko
a nasa official and old friend of hers
who brings her to the debriefing about
what's going on
apparently an object moving one-tenth
the speed of light has entered our solar
system
and altered its direction towards earth
just moments ago
they have about 70 minutes before impact
and the government plans to launch
missiles at it in order to stop the
collision with earth
worried about her son helen calls jacob
and tells them to hide in the basement
but she realizes that if impact occurs
there is nowhere anyone can hide from
this disaster
the military takes the scientists close
to the projected impact zone
but as the object gets closer to the
earth their missile launch system
malfunctions
crippling their only defense
surprisingly the object
is slowing down as it approaches earth a
massive glowing light appears in the sky
and flies towards the public park where
it lands in front of everyone
they move closer to the object and it
appears to be the same sphere that was
in the beginning of the movie
but much larger the military arrives and
surrounds the object
pointing their guns at it and ready to
fire at any moment
the sphere glows with bright light and a
silhouette of a creature
approaches helen moves forward in
amazement and tries to make contact
but a gunshot is hurt and the creature
drops to the ground while helen holds it
in her arms
suddenly a towering figure walks out and
begins shutting off
all the weapons from the military it
then makes a loud screech
paralyzing everyone it tries to attack
helen but stops at the alien's command
and proceeds to move back
the military brings the alien back into
their laboratory and tries their best to
save the creature
although they succeeded at stabilizing
its heartbeat the outer skin begins
peeling off and they're shocked to see a
human
lying inside at the same time numerous
other sphere-like structure have landed
on earth
spreading in every corner of the world
the satellite system has also been
disabled
crippling the military the doctors
learned that the alien took
samples of animals dna on earth and was
essentially reborn into the body of a
human being in order to survive on the
planet
the alien's body has also grown
exponentially already reaching the age
of an adult male by this time
they approach the now conscious alien
and demands to know his business on
earth
we learned that he represents a
collection of civilizations that exists
all around earth and his name is clattu
he wants to speak to the un
but regina the defense secretary of
united states refuses to allow him
she asks him what he wants from our
planet to which the alien responds that
the earth does not belong to humans
frustrated at his apparent disobedience
regina plans to have clatu sedated and
tortured
at the great disapproval from everyone
else helen disobeys her order to sedate
clatu
and only injected water into his system
rather than sedating him while telling
him to run
they take the alien to do a light test
but clattu manages to set himself free
by using electrokinesis powers and
breaks out of the military facility
he arrives at the train station and
plans to leave but faints to the ground
from the gun wounds earlier
he manages to call helen who comes
quickly to the station to pick him up
with jacob
she wants to know if he's a friend to
humans to which clatu replies that he's
a friend to earth on the other side the
military tries their best efforts to
destroy the giant humanoid
but their attacks are useless at making
any damages
as the machine destroys all the human
weapons
clad 2 has a conversation with jacob
while helen is driving
the stepson shows extreme hostility
towards the alien
and believes that humans should kill him
right away he wants to know what clatu
thinks that humans should do to this
alien
but clattu doesn't believe that humans
have any choice either way
they stop at a mcdonald's and clatu
meets another alien from their
civilization
they talk about the violent nature of
humanity and how human seems to be
incapable of change
with this confirmation in his prior
experience
klatu decides to proceed with the plan
of destroying human civilization
surprisingly the other alien refuses to
leave earth even though he will die
alongside humanity he believes that with
all the negative
aspects humans display they also have a
side which deserves to be treasured
he loves the family he's built on this
planet and can no longer leave them for
anything else
helen drives the alien to another
location while they wait in the car
clatu goes towards the pond and summons
a sphere which appears from under the
water
all the animals from everywhere around
the world begins going into the spheres
and they all eventually levitate away
from earth into the atmosphere with
glowing lights
the only sphere that doesn't appear to
have left is the largest one where the
humanoid machine is guarding over
clattu comes out from the forest and
helen pleased for him to tell her what
is really going on
the alien explains that humans are
killing the earth and he's here to save
the planet
there are very few planets in the
universe that can support life
and earth is too valuable to be
destroyed as they argue about what to do
with humanity
a police officer manages to find their
location but when he tries to arrest the
alien
clatu kills him immediately however he
then was able to resurrect him
as he only wanted the officer out of the
way and did not want to kill him
unnecessarily
his actions shock and frightens both
helen and her stepson
helen begs him to spare humanity as she
believes that human beings can change
claudiu disagrees as he tried to speak
with the human leaders with reason
but only resulted in violence helen
quickly explains that regina does not
represent humanity
and she would gladly take him to someone
who does
on the other side the government agents
finally figured out that the spheres are
ships which attempts to save the animals
on earth
but they fear what comes after may wipe
out humanity
they manage to capture the humanoid
machine by not using any violence
and proceeds to bring it to their
underground facility
helen takes clatto to meet a nobel
prize-winning physicist
and klattu demonstrates his
understanding of the universe
by solving the equations easily on the
blackboard
the man immediately realizes that he's
the alien from the news
and they begin a deep conversation about
human nature
the physicist thinks that humanity can
change and learn from their lessons
but only if they're pushed to the brink
of destruction similarly
we learned that clatu's civilization
also undergone dramatic changes when
they had to salvage their dying sun
the physicists pleased for clattu to not
take away this moment from humanity
where human civilization can finally
transcend into something greater
their debate is cut short when the
military shows up around the facility
as jacob called them because of his
antagonism against the alien
they try to escape quickly away from the
house and into the forest
but helen is captured by the helicopters
and taken away
two more helicopters arrive towards them
and prepares to shoot at klattu
but he manages to disable them with his
powers and sends them crashing to the
ground
frightened at what he just witnessed the
alien do jacob runs to the opposite
direction
believing that clatu is chasing after
him but trips and nearly falls to his
death
klattu saves the boy and calmly tells
him to move forwards away from the
danger
jacob pleads for the alien to bring him
home to which clatu agrees
helen is brought to the secretary of
defense and tries to convince her to let
her go
helen states that the only way to save
humanity is to let her convince clattu
that they can change
regina refuses her pleads and proceeds
to try and destroy the humanoid robot
the scientists try to continue to run
experiments on the alien machine
but their every attempts have ended in
failure suddenly the worker inside the
room begins bleeding as his suit is
being chewed up by nanoscopic robots
from the humanoid
they panic and tries to incinerate
everything but the robot stands unharmed
while everything around it begins to
break down in the molecular level
the nanobots rush out of the military
base and proceeds to destroy everything
while becoming larger as it consumes and
replicates
after receiving news that their facility
is destroyed
regina chooses to allow helen to leave
as a last attempt to save humanity from
destruction
helen manages to call her son and jacob
arranges for them to meet in a location
that he has chosen
being saved by the alien jacob began
seeing him from a different perspective
and apologizes for trying to kill him
earlier jacob brings clatu to where
they'll meet his mother
which turns out to be the cemetery where
his father is buried
he begs the alien to revive his father
but klatu tells the boy that there are
some things that he can't do
he tells jacob to not be sad as nothing
in this universe truly dies
they simply transform into something
else instead
feeling hopeless jacob tells clattu to
leave as he kneels in despair jacob
cries in front of the gravestone as his
mother finally arrives to him
and tries to comfort him they both admit
that they miss jacob's father
a great deal and they embrace as tears
fall from their eyes
clattu watches the mother and son and
begins empathizing for their loss
he starts to understand that there is
more to humans than just destruction
he decides to give humans a second
chance but is unsure whether if he can
stop the nanobots
michael takes them towards the sphere
while they're chased by military units
from behind
as they're entered the vicinity a
barrage of missiles are fired towards
their vehicle which flips their car
over michael dies in the accident while
clatu escapes with helen and jacob into
shelter
the nanobots swarm towards the park as
their numbers block out the sunlight
jacob becomes weak and faint as the
nanobots have entered his body
the mother begs the alien to save her
son which clattu manages to do
by containing the nanites in his own
body he looks at helen and tells her
that the physicist was right about
humans changing at the precipice
and proceeds to enter the cloud of
nanobots trying to disable them
clattu glows in a bright light and gets
consumed by the nanites which triggers a
large shock wave that disables
everything around them
all the nanobots fall from the sky as
everything electronic on the planet has
become disabled as well
helen and jacob walks towards the park
as they stare at the sphere in amazement
the object levitates and eventually
leaves earth giving humans a second
chance
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time